[Music]
Hello, welcome to Chat on Arana, your
weekly podcast where we recommend and
exchange ideas about content we've
read, listened to, and watched, always bringing
product information up for discussion. I'm Artur, and
this week is
chaos, change, planning, parties, classes,
and courses! Oh God! I'm X, and I don't
recommend going to an all-you-can-eat Japanese restaurant before
recording, it makes you drowsy. We need to pull
Johnny's ear, huh? It was a
farewell party, right? Okay, and in
today's program, we're going to talk about the
Figma conference, the releases, and
communities in general. But before
we talk, there's a little plug for this week!
No, before the plug,
let's talk about PR. There are some episodes here
where we didn't talk, so don't
forget to share where you
're listening from. It's true,
guys, we were sharing a lot!
We even created a highlight on
PR Carena's Instagram, so when you
're listening, share it, tag us,
and send it to your friends too! That's what we
have the most of, polls, right? Last week
our poll had a record number of votes! It's
true, just  Remembering the poll
from the last program that we talked about
a lot, it was: Besides GPT chat, have
you used any of these models? The options
were Google's Gemini,
Antropic's Cloud, Meta's Lama, Microsoft's CoPilot, and
others. "Used none, just
GPT chat," and it was quite divided, right? I
thought GPT chat would be a hit compared to
the others, but a lot of people are using
Google's and Meta's, so Microsoft's is kind of forgotten,
poor thing.
So, we don't know yet what the
poll will be by the end of the program.
We're going to think of a poll, but listen
until the end to find out and participate!
And of course, before we start this
topic, we're going to talk about the plug
too, right? Last Saturday we had the
online edition of the critical and analytical thinking course,
and many people
praised how we
manage to bring the dynamics and so on to the
online environment, not being so monotonous with
just one person talking and all that.
So if people already praise and
like it online, imagine in person, which was the
essence of PR Carena, right?  As we
started, we're saying that in-person is better
than remote. That's what I'm hearing.
Look, look, no, no, no,
and this Saturday there's going to be an in-
person course, the in-person edition, where the
exchange of ideas is really different in person, right?
And anyway, here in São
Paulo there are still some spots available. There's a
discount here in the comments. And besides
that, there's also the online course
for PMs that will happen in 20 days, right? I
mean, when you're
listening here, it won't be 20
days, etc., but it will be on July 20th. Oh,
with me, with Efren, and Miriam will be there too. There
will be some spoilers
of other things, and that's it. We
have more announcements today. Yes, we have a
lot of announcements, right? But, but there's
also going to be an event next
Monday, right? On the 9th? If I'm not
mistaken, it's the 9th, let me just check here, it
's the 9th. It's the Product to the Rescue event,
which is an initiative of Fábio from Suvan,
where the income...  All proceeds will go to
two institutions: Mulher em Construção (Woman in
Construction) and 101 Viralatas (101 Stray Dogs), both
from Rio Grande do Sul.
All the income will also go to
help these initiatives, given
all the problems and
disasters that happened in the South. There will be
speakers like Maran RAV,
Gabriela Ras, and
Joca Torres (not a difficult name to pronounce).
The link is in the description. It will
be a great event, a chance to
learn from a lot of good people and from
a very cool initiative. That's it, go
there if you can, it will be very
cool. Now, let's get to the agenda.
[Music]
In recent years, Config, which is the
Figma conference, has been kind of a
spotlight for designers, right? Or
Rock and Roll for designers.
Last year, you may remember at that
same conference, Brian Chesky, the
founder of Airbnb, announced a change
in the structure of
product responsibilities, and Disney
went crazy, the clickbait was
killing it.  PMs and this
year,
amazing, the clickbait is a Disney link, they created
a Figma version because it's to kill their
own designers. If everything follows this
order, I won't pass. They killed the FMS
this year, they killed the designers next year, you should
prepare yourselves, you should prepare yourselves, exactly, exactly.
Anyway, the Figma conference, right? There were
several lectures there, including
a live recording of an episode
of Len, which we're always talking about
here. Like today, among the news,
they're trying to compete with
Google Slides, they launched Figma Slides.
We're going to talk about all
the products and then comment. I have a
comment about F, no, comment there,
comment there. F, man, no. Did you see the
pricing of this? It doesn't make sense. It's
like it's free for the first year,
then it's 3 per year. Imagine, man, it
's clearly not a tool for
everyone in the company to use to
create slides. So, for a
year, I'll leave this here, the designers
will use it like crazy because I already know
a lot of designers who made slides in
Figma and even productized this
behavior, and then the designers will love it, it
will be incredible.  I don't know what's going on, in
a year they'll start charging, and not everyone will have
access, so it'll be the same
as today. I don't know if
this happens where you work, but everywhere
I've worked that had Figma,
only the designer had permission to
edit, which is to delete, and everything else was just "View,"
and even then, maybe not. So nobody will be
able to use Figma slides. I think they
did the same thing
with Dev mode. They also delete parts in Dev mode,
I don't remember... uh-huh. No,
before it was the same scheme, it was free
for a while, then they said, "Look, now it's in
Beta, now you have to
pay." The designers and devs went
crazy. "Wow, we use it and have to pay, oh
my God, we're screwed!" And then we paid, and it
almost doubled the value of our
bill. So I think it's the same
strategy, and honestly, I think they're already
a little used to it.
It seems they have
good resources to do this, right?
Anyway, we'll see, but it won't be a
slide tool for the whole company.
That's only for when the designer wants to make
nice slides. Definitely not. When you
need to send it to...  Making the deck
for investors and such, that's exactly it, then it
goes straight to the developer, to the designer, right?
Today, so now it's only now, at
least for the tool they already use
daily, right? They don't need to go to
Google Slides to
make notes and such, and then they have to
transfer PR PPTs or open nowhere,
exactly. But anyway, other things that
the big launch was, in fact, despite
Fig Slides being different, it was in
fact Fig, and I liked the phrase
they used, right? Think bigger and
build faster and ISO, right? Deep, so they
put it like all the
other tools are putting 2024,
right? It's 2024, right? If you haven't
actually launched something in 2024, and they
put it there, and things that we've
already talked about here, like the things, I
found the things they
put there very useful, to make things easier.
It will save time, you know,
writing, putting prompts there, and already
transforming into layouts, searching for
images and similar components there so you
don't have to do everything again,
renaming layers, right? That's always
a headache for people.  Transforming
the MCK into a prototype is a simple thing,
but... Oh my God, how many
times has someone shown me
something and kept dragging it around
and it wasn't connected? I
wanted to die, it's
crazy! And also being able to rewrite the
text, put it in other languages...
I think for those who have multilingual apps... Wow,
that's amazing! I saw
a really cool tweet that said you can
do screen stress tests, like with
German, which usually has three times
more characters than the same text in
English. You translate it into German
automatically and see how much it's breaking down in
those interfaces. It's really cool. So
I think V has... For me, I
liked that it was an application, not just a "I'll
put it here, it'll just be a
cool sheet" thing. It was all really useful things
that actually seem like they can
help build faster, right? Totally, man, that's what
we talk about here
quite frequently regarding code, right? I've
also said, like, man, it's never been so
easy to create products from scratch, to be
able to code something, right? Even without
having a great knowledge of code,
now it's never been so easy to create a
design, like, okay, there, right? Don't you think?  It's going to
create the most incredible design in the world.
Maybe, but how many apps do we use
daily that have designs and interactions
that are kind of out of the box, that aren't
really different? 80% of the things
we use are
extremely common interfaces, interfaces that make
sense to everyone, to various ZS, right?
So there's a bottom menu, right? A
button, a hamburger menu, the same
type of button, and so on. This makes it incredibly easy
for anyone to create
something. Now you create with the help of
Figmas Interface, you put it in Dev mode, it
takes you to the GPT chat to help you
code what's missing there or code the
interactions, and that's it. So the wall has never
been so low for anyone to
create any experience. And I'll say more,
we as product people
here, to be increasingly
independent in testing and validating things
faster and faster, right? Totally, totally, right? In
fact, this week Icon Binero
released some really cool content. For those who
don't follow them, I highly recommend
following their YouTube channel, especially the
Combinator YouTube channel. Last week
their post was about 10 people, but it
's the same.  As for the next
billion-dollar companies, you know, and that's it. I think we've been going through
this a little bit in recent years with
No Code, etc., but I think now we've
reached a point of inflection that
we've never been at before, which is very much like, it
's super possible to create
highly scalable companies and achieve great things with
few people. Totally exciting, right?
Incredible, like living in a time when
you have a PM who's a platypus who doesn't
know anything, isn't a designer, isn't a developer, but damn,
today it's in our hands to do
things, right? And more and more, like, and the
thing I saw is that he can't
follow the Design System yet, for example,
but in a few iterations, very
likely he will be able to. You
'll be able to take the Design System of
your company's application and create
things on top of it, right? Like, the
speed of interaction has to increase,
right? Like, it's not optional here,
this should greatly accelerate the
total product teams,
and even sharing an
experiment here, we at Doc are
restructuring the
design team, and we've made some
hires, but people are still going to
start in...  It's true, Lucas started
today, sending a shout-out to Lucas,
but while he wasn't here yet, we
were in a transition period, and that's it.
The PAMs themselves, with the contact
we had with the things we had,
etc., we needed to do
some functionalities,
solve some problems, and they themselves,
like, put together the mockups, used the
things that were already in Figma so we would
n't have to reinvent the wheel, you know?
And I think that's it, those
things from Figma enhance that, right?
Again, it was a super boost. We're now
restructuring the team, and people are
arriving in design, you know, you'll
do it, you'll do it better, you'll do it better,
but you'll figure it out, and I think that's super
important, super useful. So a shout-out
here, especially to the PR, Karina, and
Cauê who did the full stack and PM.
I think there are PMs who are sometimes
hesitant to do it because they don't have the
knowledge of the design discipline
as a whole, and sometimes there's also the fear
when there's a designer on the team, you know,
doing design things, thinking, "Oh, I..."  I'm
getting into the guy's discipline here,
in the guy's work, and not when, in
reality, sometimes doing something more
visual will help that
person understand what you're
thinking. I got tired of, like, in this
world of how PMs don't have
editor access, letting the
guy do things in Miro and Fig. J.
After it happened, like, the guy would copy the
screen, take a screenshot of the screen I
wanted, then I'd put a little square the
color of the screen I wanted to
hide. And then I'd make a little drawing
that sometimes I copied and pasted from somewhere else
and put text on top.
So it's totally doable, you know, this
kind of thing where sometimes you just want to
communicate an idea in a more visual way.
So it doesn't need to be perfect, and
sometimes even for the dev, man, the dev to look at, and
like, dev didn't have dev mods until a year
ago and could do things, so
sometimes you just need to convey
the gist of how you're
thinking about it. And this is something
I think we've already discussed in
some other episode here in recent
years, how much... Maybe the  PMC and it stayed in the
box, no way, it's a mockup, it's a frame sketch, I do
n't do that because I specialized in making
product designs, man, you know? Yeah, and man, I'm
giving away my age here. But damn,
when I started, man, it was just me, you know, I had to
do the stuff myself,
and that's it. I remember that at Plus,
you did the interface for the TV web, right? Well,
it was in... there was no Figma at the
time, it wasn't Pop Pop, damn.
Microsoft bought it later,
man, I forgot the name, it wasn't Zeplin
either, there wasn't Zeplin, it wasn't
Photoshop, I remember it was
kind of obscure, but yeah, I did
everything back then.
So that's it, man, and I don't think it's
stepping on the
designer's toes, you know?
I had designer responsibilities, you know, and so on,
but in many other
places I didn't have that possibility, and it
was this exchange of ideas to get that out
of my head.
Remembering the episode with the girl from
Figma, damn, I forgot her name
now, aur mirica.  Capur, right? She launched it,
her product, the one she talks about, the
podcast, the slide, exactly, but
she said that, at least when
you can get it out of your head, even for
people to disagree, it becomes easier, right?
So that's it, totally. And there's something
related to this in the "Shape Up"
book by the Base Camp guys that I find
very interesting. It even changed a bit the
way I thought at the time, that
they have this whole process of
shaping the idea and the product, and then the
person who's shaping already makes an
initial draft of the idea and so on, and I
find the way they
bring this up very interesting. Right off the bat, you're not
building the entire design, you're
putting limits there and on certain things
because they have that specific thing
of six-week cycles, right? And like, if it
reaches six weeks and isn't
finished, it's dropped and that's it, or it doesn't even enter,
and then the person says, "I have to remove
the complexity of certain decisions
so they don't have to be made in that
six-week timeframe." So certain
things are already within the
interface design of the idea, and I think this
kind of thing helps developers so much.  Regarding
designers, we sometimes think, "Hey, I'm
taking away the person's freedom," but sometimes
you're just putting constraints on the
work, right? So, we all have
constraints in our work, and you
're putting certain constraints there
visually so the person already knows, "Oh, okay,
so this should work
this way," and it's not like you're going to
stifle it if the person has a
different idea, but you've already given them something to
work with, right? That's what was most discussed there.
I was going to say "figc," but it
's with "fig." Oh man, I think that was it.
And there were countless posts
on the Disney link about it. The designer's days are
numbered, just like they killed the PMs
last year, right? Same thing. So, devs, get
ready because next year it's
your turn! I wanted to comment that, less about
the releases, but what
I think is cool about events like Config is that
it's kind of a celebration of the
design community, like, it's a
moment. I said, "Hey, it's like Rock in Rio, it's that kind of thing," and it
's based on a tool, but...
It's a celebration of the community, man, I don't know, there's
nothing similar in
product design to what Figma is for design, in the
sense that it's the tool that a good
part of the people in that profession are
very present with, right? And man, and in that I
was also remembering the
phases we've already gone through with
this whole tool thing, right? A while
ago there was Sketch, right? And there was Zeppelin,
you know Zeppelin, uh-huh? But Zeppelin
was kind of a complement to Sketch, it
was PR where you uploaded the Sketch stuff,
right? You put things together and stuff, but
then Sketch added something
that required both.
Before that there was BO and old Photoshop,
right? Exactly, there was Dreamweaver, Dreamweaver
was more for making websites, right? But yeah,
and other areas that are similar to ours, like
Tech and Data, there's this
similar thing, right? Of having big conferences, they're
celebrations, not celebrations,
but very specific to the
discipline, right? And we don't have anything
similar in product design, right? There's Girac.com.
When are we going to have that there, that's it, right? It
's the tooling.  From the day-to-day of the
product, and then I start thinking about how much
this isn't also a reflection of the
discipline of Product Management not having
as much of a sense of community, or having a weaker one.
And at least in the companies
where I've worked, it's always been a pain
for me. It's always been very natural for
PMs to be isolated, each in
their own little group with their own squad, their own ritual,
their own challenge, and we don't have a
single ritual, the team doesn't understand each other
as a product team, and that doesn't happen with
design, with engineering. Design and
engineering, the team understands each other as a
community of a discipline, of a craft. I do
n't know if you feel the same way,
Artur, man, no, I don't feel that way. And I was
thinking about it when we were discussing
the topic, you know, about this. And, well, I've
always made a point of having these
moments so that this doesn't happen because, I don't mean
I don't feel it in
recent years, but when I
started my career I already felt in that
same place.
But, man, and then there are things, you know, that
I've always talked about here in
several episodes, but things that I wo
n't give up on, like a Protex in
all the product people.  There,
speaking, but in a way where
everyone actually understands what the other person
is doing and is focused on that, not just
doing their 500 things, talking about their part and
then doing their other things, but so that
everyone knows a little bit
about what's going on. And then there's empathy,
wanting to help, etc., and also
creating these moments where
people can come together to, well, have a
problem, okay, how do we leave
this room here with this problem, with
hypotheses to solve this problem? And
then there are other people, other product managers,
doing this too. And in person, something
I've always liked to do
is have a weekly lunch day, you know?
So, at Docket,
Instacarro,
Yellow, every week at Docket, every
Tuesday, every Tuesday we have
our product lunch, so
everyone goes, each week someone chooses a
place to have lunch and we go
to exchange ideas, to have this
sense of everyone being close, etc.,
right? But you don't feel that this is kind of too
dependent  It's not about someone taking the initiative,
like in your case as a product leader, that makes
things happen.
They wouldn't happen
organically if product people came
together and felt like they were part of the same team. Because I
feel that in design, for example, it
's very clear to me that you do
n't have a design leader, and I've
seen it in several companies where there was no
design leader at the moment, and
yet the designers, as
individual contributors, felt like part of the
same team. You know, my team is the
design team, they sought each other out, and
they had this sense of community
among themselves. I feel that in the places
where I've worked, where someone was
doing this role of creating these rituals
and such, it happened and it actually worked, but it
never happened organically, you know, if
product people sought each other out as
a product community within the
companies. That's a point, I think, I don't know,
but what I see, and this
might even be true, I'm in several groups of
product people, and I see
people interacting a lot in these
groups, you know, uh-huh, kind of...  Hey man, I'm having a
problem here, is anyone in this
area? Let's talk. I do
n't know if people feel more
comfortable doing this externally
than internally, you know? Anyway,
I was also thinking, like,
I agree with you that there isn't a
conference in the style of CONFIG, like, a
company, a tool,
a tool that brings together
several people from a discipline who
use it and meet to
celebrate launches and things and
topics and blah blah blah. But I think there are
several other conferences
that aren't about
a specific tool, but that
also have interactions like that. I was
even remembering here, right? Oh, there's
WWC itself, which we talked about last week, there aren't any specific
topics there, there are
even design agendas, how to
integrate it into your product, etc., the
developers, that's the name itself. But
we bet a little because
for a PM it's important to know what's
going on and everything else. Oh, the
Open AI, what happened, what's happening now?
There are also Google's, and some
specific ones, right? There's Mind the Product,
there's the Product School one, which I forgot,
which is Product.com, right? They've
done and still do it in various parts of the world. Oh, and
let me tell you, there's
the Product Leader Summit. How does it work? I'm even
announcing here,
first of all, I've been invited
again, among the 120
product leaders in the world. I'll be invited for the
third time. I'll be
there this year, and we'll do
another episode here to talk about how it was.
And... and I was even remembering now that there was
F8, man. When I
did F8, there was a product track at
F8, and it was great, it was great, it was the
product people themselves talking, talking about how they, the
products they created, and so on. And
here in Brazil, well, I think there are
some too, but again, it's not
a specific tool that unites
everyone, but, well, Arena Sessions, right?
When we did it, we did one last year, it
was a little smaller, but we did it. There
was the talk in Arena, which is, by the
way, the name of...  Our podcast here,
which we used to do every first
Monday of the month, was a
real gathering, every first
Monday of the month at
Livraria Cultura. We'd fill the
auditorium; people would come from all over, from
other states, to go there and stuff.
But anyway, other big ones, right? I think
the biggest one we have in
Latin America, and it's not just in
Brazil, is the Product Camp, right? Oh, from the
PM3 crew. Shout out to Marcel and Farinaz. There's
also the Women in Product;
they did one last year and
are doing another this year. There's also the
Product Festival, which in
recent years...
Oh, it started, if I'm not mistaken,
last year too, and there's already been an
edition this year. So, I think there are a
few... But in fact, I agree
with you that it's not the same noise and
momentum as with the Confederation of Product
Management. These Brazilian ones are more focused on craft and
product management, but the others, the Minder Product Summit, the
Product Leader Summit, too, in
fact... but these others, like
WWDC, the Open...  Google's GDC,
Microsoft's build, and Samsung's launches,
and so on, they're much more about
the products, right?
And okay, we work with
products, digital products and such, but
they're not about the craft of what
we actually do, right? So I think it has
a different approach. Even this type of
WWDC is a developer event, and Open
now has a consumer focus, but it
also has a focus for developers. So, and, and again,
what you said at the end, right?
Nothing that has the same size and
relevance as PR for product.
You know, we discuss product,
but
we don't discuss how to make
products. There's nothing about how to
make them that's so big on a
global scale, I think. But it could also be
because our craft is smaller, in fact, let's
say smaller. There are many
more designers and developers in the
world than product managers,
so it could just be a product of that too, you know?
I was
thinking here, someone who maybe has the
potential to do something like that...
Len could do it. Totally, man, he's
the type... I think more than...
he's the god of product, right?  Dude, it's him, that's
it. No, but he's really a
community aggregator, right? Totally, totally.
So, I think maybe he... Len,
if you're listening... He already talked on a
podcast, like, he talked to someone—
I don't remember which company it was—that it was
a company that organized a
lot of events.
And then he said that people always tell him to
do his own event and stuff, but that it's a huge amount of
work, and that's why he didn't
want to do it, and the chance of it going
wrong was very high. But in fact, I
think he has a community and a
brand that makes... that
kind of subscribers, you know? So
I think he managed to create this
community based on his newsletter,
right? And now nowadays, his product,
right? He has the podcast, he
even released a book, etc., a compilation of
his things, there's his little shop.
So, I think given the exponential growth
that happened to him, I think he would have
that potential... awesome, right? Cool. He
's a guy I'm genuinely
happy to see
succeeding. Great job, right? We
always talk about him here, yeah, but that's it,
I think that's it, right? Let's go.  So, regarding the products of the
week, Bora
[Music]
there, tell me what your
product of the week was. Well, my product of the
week was Zoom. On Saturday we
gave a course
on critical and analytical thinking, and
breaking down rooms, putting in polls,
etc., is working better than ever.
Because before, this thing was always crashing, you
know? And despite the
usability, there's something that
bothers me a lot. How we record the
classes? There's an option to
pause the recording and then there's an option
to interrupt the recording, which means to
finish the recording or
resume it. That got lost in the translation, you know? It
's the interrupt option. Every
time I press it, I think, "Man, I'm going to
lose the whole recording, damn it!" And you didn't get it?
So, it's a super simple thing, but it's
the importance of X-writing, right?
A shout-out to Henrique, who's our UX
writer. He even has an Instagram account
called Vida de
Writer. Well, my product of the
week was Chop. You have to read it exactly like
our
commercial. It's exactly the same. Look, it's exactly the same. It's exactly the same. Holy [ __ ]!
Man, I do
n't know if...  You have this
image, but I had the impression that Shopia was
only for buying small things, you know,
phone cases, screen protectors,
little things, and stuff like that. And then I was about to
move, you know, every show I talk about that until
the day I moved, it was coming, it was
coming, anyway, and then man, I went there to look at
some things to buy for the house, and damn, man, there's
a bizarre price difference, at
least in the things I was
buying, man, like,
literally the same things, same brand,
same items in the Shopia cart, but with
a difference of like R$300 compared
to Amazon or
other retailers. Yeah, but the
delivery time isn't the same either, it's
faster, it's faster,
yes, that was the bizarre thing,
because it was faster, many
times it's coming from the same store, which doesn't
make any sense, because sometimes when it's
Marketplace you see, you know, it comes from
the same store and it's much cheaper,
and now I'm in this vibe that everything
I'm going to buy is things I would
buy on Amazon, I'll buy on
e-commerce, I give it a...  I also looked at Shopee,
so Shopee has become what
Mercado Livre (Brazilian online marketplace) used to be for me a
while ago, always checking to see how
things were going. Now it's Shopee,
so there's my recommendation and
Shopee rating system. I think it's the best
system in Brazilian e-commerce; they have
the most honest reviews. And I got really
angry, man, because on
Amazon there was a guy I was buying
a trash can, and someone took a
picture for their review of the trash can, and there
was a dead cockroach next to it.
Man, I said, "Damn, man, this
isn't possible! Go to hell!" That
offended me in a way I didn't imagine. It
wanted to hurt me. Then, what did
people say about the products of the
week? Lucão sent Disney Plus,
mainly because now you don't need
Star Plus anymore, but you're cowards. That
's a
complaint because it's gotten worse now. For those who
subscribed to Star Plus and Disney
Plus through Mercado Livre,
now with Star Plus you only have
ISPN and ISPN 3. You lost two channels and
all the sports.  Live
exclusives from Starplus. And here's a
tip for those who want to mitigate
this a bit: if you're a Claro
TV subscriber, or any other cable TV operator, they
should also have similar solutions. They
have their apps that let
you watch at least the live channels.
So on Claro TV you can at
least see the four ESPN channels that you
have on TV, which you no longer have access to
now in the basic Disney Plus plan on
M+. That's my note of
indignation regarding this change. And so,
I don't know what's happening in the
world of streaming.
HBO Max has already changed its name 79 times.
Disney+ has already been born,
died, already had an app, separated, separated
products, merged products. Wow, man, it
's a myth. It reminds me of Esporte Interativo,
which at the time was Esporte Interativo,
then it changed to AX, then there was AX, then Max 2,
then there was another name change
that I remember, then it became TNT Sports. It
's the same thing. Oh my God! Anyway, and
our listeners also sent in some
apps, right?
Besides Lucão's, Glauco
sent...  Spotify, he said that he and
Cloves... Actually, it's a double, a double
rating here...
and they both said that for a
while they didn't use Spotify anymore,
Glauco signed up for YouTube Premium and
Cloves signed up for YouTube. And then they both said, "
Man, there's a way, we're back!" It's not like there's no way, it's
ISO... and Golf BR...
which... it's not the first time
someone has sent the product of the week here,
Golf BR, and man, it's really good. This
week I'm going to sign my
apartment rental contract, look, you
really don't need a notary anymore,
wonderful, the product that makes you not have to
go to the notary, it naturally
deserves to be praised, right?
Oh, and that's why now I'm going to do a little
plug here, I raise the ball... for
you to do...
your company still needs to go to the
notary, you don't need to anymore because
there's Docket, talk to us there, and I
'll even put a link here if
anyone generates... I'll
send an invoice
to the Docket guys, I'll send it to
Rodrigo.  B Anana sent the Cap Cut, Dan
Leira sent the Audible, and said he's
listening and reading, just like Alice
said she was reading a lot,
listening to a lot of Audible BS. But I
need to say that Spitfire, after
they updated the functionality, because
before it had a problem with the Kindle,
you could read
Kindle books, but if you locked the screen it would freeze.
Now they've fixed that. Damn,
man, it doesn't make sense to have Audible BS,
especially because there's Snoop
Dogg reading the book, you
know? So that's not a feature, man,
I already told you that, that can't be
classified as something good, it's
too good, man, it's too good! Anyway, and C,
who returned to the
Fitness project, sent Samsung Health. That's
it. And a little message every week,
also send your product of the week to
us, we're always discussing,
commenting, reminding us of things
here, and it's super cool. And I know we
do it a bit wrong, every
week we forget and send it a few
hours before, we record minutes before starting
the
recording, but if you use
a  Mass product doesn't wait to arrive,
poll doesn't wait to see, send it to
us directly, that happens, MM sends it to
us, no need, no need to wait for it to
arrive, it doesn't cost money to send it
to us, you can walk around
[Music] at
will, that's it, with that we end
today's program, closed, right? What will
the poll be? Would you go to Gira? It's going to
be
Gira, Gira, because the... the... the average guy,
he loves to hate Gira, right? But I think
that only those who have
never had to use alternatives to
Gira hate Gira, which I've been in, I've been in that
place and I missed Gira every
day that I had to open Git Hub
projects, I would totally even give a talk at
Gira if I wanted to, man, damn, already
talking about the event, already captivating the place,
PR, PR, what speaker? Look at that, already
digging there! And so, that's it, but that's
it, right? Tell me, that's it, so,
share where you're listening from,
tag us, add your playlists,
share with the gang, follow us on social
media if you don't already follow us
[Music]
@produces, right, we arrived there in the
last week at  6,000 plays and 600
followers on Spotify, right? We don't
know how he catalogs
these numbers, how he gets them from other
places where the program is published, but
we like round numbers, aiming for
10,000, 1,000 followers, and that's it. Keep going,
send it to one more person,
because if you send it to one more person,
we grow and get there, and we can
continue bringing cool content
every week. And I think that's the last
reminder. Maybe this reminder won't
work, but it will, but it's
next week, maybe there won't be an episode, okay? It's
true, Aix and I are moving, that's it,
we're not going to live together, right?
It seems like we're living together, but we're
each moving to different houses
and different states, even. Yeah,
but we are, anyway, it's the chaos of
moving,
so it's the beginning of the quarter, everyone
should have empathy for the beginning of the quarter, that's
it, but the message is given, and that's it
until next two weeks, so maybe
Artur
[Music]
until... Oh wait, where is it, where is it? I need to
get it here.  What is it? What is it?
What is the fruit the baby is eating? It
's not possible, man! I'll leave
that in the post-credits of the program, you know?
Leave it in the post-credits.
Where is it? Oh, this week it already has 180g and it's
equivalent to... and it could be a coconut, a
waffle, or a guinea pig. Okay, that's the
information.
Next week we'll talk more. Thanks, see you next
week, or not, thanks.